Updated `.rrd` compatibility note (#10918)
rerun-io/rerun: ARCHITECTURE.md

`.rrd` ("**R**e**r**un **D**ata") is just a bunch of log messages appended one after the other to a file.

> NOTE: `.rrd` files do not yet guarantee any backwards or forwards compatibility. One version of Rerun is able to open an `.rrd` file generated by *previous* Rerun version, but it will likely not work for older versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: `.rrd` files do not yet offer full backwards or forwards compatibility. However, the current version of Rerun will always be able to open `.rrd` files generated by the *previous* version. This is not guaranteed to work for files generated with older versions.
```
